Yeah, OK.
So the main issue did the reason that we
started looking at copying file using
function app is because when we do that
using Logic app, it's leaking memory.
So the way that the Logic app rates is it
read the full content of the file to the
memory.
And then I think there was a maybe let me
there's a good example of what's actually
happening.
Let me try try to OK,
let me try to open the logic app.
So logic app on my normal browser,
I can't go to the run history and see all
the inputs and outputs.
Yeah, yeah_your account.
You open it from this path,
this security thing.
Yeah, you should like me.
In in Azure it sort of gives a breakdown
of what's actually happening in Logic
Apps.
So switch back to the network.
Let's go to production,
have a look production.
So if you're ever having any issues with
any Azure service,
the 1st place probably to get started is
go to diagnostics and problems.
So diagnostics, I think it was under here.
Where did it go?
It just got disconnected, I guess.
Anyway, probably I'll, I'll,
I'll get to that later.
But So what I was trying to to tell is
that so the issue with the the logic app
is logic app doesn't allow to read the
file from BLOB storage like it doesn't
allow the stream.
So it reads a whole file into the memory
and then keeps it in the memory and then
try to write the whole file into into
SharePoint.
So what happens is so when you run the
trigger, it reads.
So the logic app runs in a loop, right?
So it looks at the notes and look at the
list of files,
and so it reads the whole set of files
into memory.
So even though you're looping and writing,
it doesn't.
That memory does not get disposed.
So you write 1 by file, 1 by 1,
but each file get loaded into the memory
and get written and remains in the memory
until the trigger get finished.
So at a given point, if you for example,
in that performance test,
if you were testing 15 files,
1550 megabyte files, so what's that 2.2?
That's 200 megabytes right to 1.
So whatever that number is.
So that amount of memory get blocked in
the Logic app while it's been copied.
So if you have parallel so then the Logic
app will be competing for memory.
So what happens in in that case?
So Logic App is ultimately a function app
in the background.
So that that's that's the core technology
that it uses.
So what happens is then the underlyings,
the function app service loses memory and
it starts crashing.
So when it starts crashing so Logic app
is like I think the Logic app that we run
is a stateful logic app so it knows where
it's last successfully ran and it retries.
So eventually the file get copied but it
runs through many restarts.
So so to get around that issue so we POC
copying file using functional.
So,
so every environment even production have
this function app deployed already.
The function app is already there.
So I've written a.
net core function app to copy file.
So this is this function app is a queue
trigger.
So the reason there's a queue in between
the function app and the logic app.
So the way what we're proposing it would
work is Logic app still will will exist.
So Logic app will have all the the QY
related business logic, right?
So, so QY related business logic,
if you go to the current Logic app,
there's a lot of business logic, right?
Reading the metadata and reading the
notes and all that.
We're not going to move any of that into
the functional.
So that all remains in the Logic app.
So Logic App figures out the business and
the properties and how many files to copy
and what to copy and when it's ready to
copy the file,
where in the Logic app where it reads
content of the file.
So instead of reading the content of the
file,
pass a publish a queue message to the
queue.
So the reason a queue is used for load
levelling, right?
So load levelling is.
So at the moment production setting is.
So we have that concurrency queue queuing
enabled for the trigger.
So I think we probably have it here.
We go to the workflows and this one here,
right?
So what?
So what happens here is.
So I think we've got.
I don't know why it's not loading up.
Let it would, yeah, Yeah,
I think we've said some concurrency
settings here, right?
Yeah.
So we have 5 concurrency,
5 triggers to be run parallel and if
there's more than it get queued.
But I think the the the reason the queue
is being used.
So Logic app only can queue 100 items,
right?
But if we use this sort of solution in a
more high throughput environment,
100 is not enough and then five is
definitely not enough, right?
So, so the queue will.
So what will happen is if it get more
than 100,
the logic app will start dropping the
triggers.
So, so 101 get dropped.
So until one git process from the queue,
so which is not really ideal, right?
So I think in the future what we should
is get rid of this for Logic app.
So we don't need any concurrency.
So Logic app is very lightweight, right?
So the Logic app will only do the
business logic and the heavy lifting,
copying the file will be done by the
function app.
So,
So what will happen is so I've sort of.
So this is sort of like the production
version of the Logic app, right?
So I've got a copy of the previous Logic
app.
And in that Logic app,
there's a I've I've,
I've changed that to to publish the queue
message somewhere.
Yeah, so this one here.
So it's pretty much so this is the
SharePoint storage and this is the queue
name.
And this content get published into the
queue message.
So you will tell the source file path and
the destination file path.
And you know,
correlation ID is the record ID.
So then the sort of function app can
track which record is this file related
to sort of thing.
So so this is the the BLOB storage part
and this is the SharePoint part.
It'll just it'll read and copy the file
into it.
But I know that in the newer version of
the Logic app you guys done some metadata,
right?
So what I've done is I've extended
function app to accept.
So the new sort of structure for the
queue message is.
So we can I've introduced A metadata
element.
So all the columns.
So the metadata attributes that need to
be set on the file can be passed in like
this into the queue message.
So then what will happen is function app
will copy the file after copying,
after copying the file,
it will set it's it's it's not like after
copying the file.
So I'll get to the technicality of it.
So create the file first,
put the columns in and then start copying
the start streaming the content.
That's how it would work.
So there's the example does not have this
bit but in in the logic app, so recap.
So this JSM need to change to this format.
So you can,
I can see in this the new workflow,
new workflow,
you have number of variables to read that
metadata, right,
So that you can use that Jason and then
set these whatever.
Yeah,
it will be like after the create should
be some update property.
You're doing update to SharePoint already,
right?
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
It's similar to that.
Just set the metadata in in your.
So I think the simplest thing,
I was trying to sort of do a bit of
refactoring on it,
but I don't think I'll get to it.
So Yep.
So instead of create file, create file,
I need to call the function app, right?
We need to call it.
You need to call the queue queue.
Yep, Yeah,
you publish the message to queue,
so there's no need.
Wherever you read the file,
there's no need to read the file anymore.
Yep.
The only thing is similar to that example,
you can follow that example and publish
the message to queue.
So queue is lot longer than what that out
of the box Logic app skew it it it can
break like keep thousands and thousands
of messages in the queue if the
throughput is so high.
So and then this log, sorry Dhanukar,
this Logic app will not wait for any
response, right?
We want to send to queue.
So we can't track it whether it's created
or not.
How do we from the Logic app?
You can't.
Logic app is just far and forget.
Yeah, OK.
Do you see a issue with that?
Because one of the requirement grant was
saying that once the document is copied
then should be some trigger saying that
that document's placed.
This this is just for error handling
thing.
If any file missed it,
how do we know that there is 100 files be
transferred to queue?
So yeah for some reason for network issue
or something we are getting some failure.
How we can handle that?
How we logic app know that this file is
not copied?
So,
so where does grant want to see that
failure?
Is there any way we can see the failure?
Yeah, we can,
we can like function app can log it right.
So,
so you you saw that correlation ID is
passed into the function app.
So that means function app knows the
student response, which response it is,
right?
Yeah.
So function app can do whatever, right?
So function app, so if there is a failure,
so once we move to the queue,
the function of the connection won't be
there, right?
To the logic.
So you don't have to.
So that's why I'm asking where does grant
want to see that failure, right.
So if you want to see that failure in the,
so in the current anywhere like email
notification, whatever, yeah, yeah.
So if we've got the current logic Apps,
we have action, right?
If some action failed,
we can capture it and do and send email
to some ask work people saying that this
flow failed with this file,
we're creating it.
Yeah.
So this kind of requirement came recently,
but not before.
Yeah.
So grandpa's asking is there any way
because we are sending the all the
requests to the queue.
But yeah,
we don't have any success message back or
once it's copied,
we need the confirmation whether the
file's placed in SharePoint or not.
Yeah, that's the thing I'm after.
Yeah.
So,
so in that case how I would implement is
logic app triggers logic app publishes
the message to queue.
Eventually that queue message get picked
up a function app and will copy the file.
After copying the file,
the function app can if function app
fails to copy the file for some reason
network issue or some issue permissions
issue,
it fails to copy the file logic app
function app can trigger another logic
app to send the email email.
OK,
so you can have a email logic app error
handling logic app.
You can call back so,
so this logic app will finish right?
So you can have a simpler error handling
logic app function app can call on error,
yeah.
So but where it's not implemented, right,
we have to no, no, it's not implemented,
yeah, yeah.
But this wasn't a requirement, right?
So yeah, yeah, got it.
The one yeah, yeah.
In future 1.
So you could do that.
So this function app will just call
trigger 10 messages, right?
It'll be very quick, right.
So no,
we don't want any delays or anything like
that.
Just file right, run the business logic,
fire, fire, fire, finish up.
Eventually the files get copied.
If doesn't get copied,
then change the function app logic to
trigger another trigger logic app.
So you,
you you have multiple ways to function
app can send mail,
also email function app can send mail.
But you need a SMTP server, right?
Yeah.
So that, that I think you,
you guys already probably have that right
in the Logic app,
the Logic app we're using out of the box,
right.
But this Logic app will not send any
email.
So only the power automate,
we are handling that email functionality.
So, yeah, so,
so you need to trigger a power domain,
not a logic app, right?
Yeah.
When any error comes,
then power OTP needs to be triggered
instead of logic app, Yeah.
So likewise this function app does not
have default email provider, right,
SMSMTP server.
But there'll be lot of work to configure
function app can do it.
The thing is then SMTP setup is, yeah,
need to be there.
Yeah.
So we don't want that.
But already we have,
we are sending through from our power
automate.
Yeah.
Then I should prefer like we will go with
function app should call the power
automate in case of any failure to copy.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
That's the easiest.
That's the easiest way.
So then instead of calling the logic app
for handling,
we'll call the power automate.
Yeah, yeah.
Cool.
So I think that's the changes required
for the function app.
Function app is already deployed onto
onto dev environment.
I think we're running out of time,
so I'll just quickly take you guys
through the code record view of code.
So, so the, the the it's pretty basic,
right?
So file source,
we have the source part from the Jason
and file source initiated,
file destination initiated.
And so we have a threshold.
So currently threshold is set to 4
megabytes.
So if it is less than 4 megabytes then
full copy so that it's not a big file,
you're just going to copy the whole file
as it is.
If it is over 4 megabyte then chunk copy
will happen.
So what it pretty much does is has logic
to divide the file size into that chunk
size for MB.
And the first thing it does is it creates
the file.
So if you go to the create file,
create file,
so you can see there's it's using the
SharePoint REST API and uses another app
registration.
It doesn't.
So I think that's one of the key
differences.
Logic app uses a user to log into
SharePoint function.
App doesn't use a user.
It's not good practise to use a user for
a system integration.
So we don't do that anymore.
So we have app registration.
We use app registration to get a access
token and use the access token to hit the
REST API.
So,
so the first thing is to create the file.
So that's sort of like a shell file
without any content in it and then add
metadata.
So if, if, if the Jason have metadata,
then it does set the metadata in it.
And so if we go back,
so that's so shell files created with
some metadata,
after shell file is created then it start
reading chunks.
So it reads a chunk and copied the chunk
to SharePoint.
So if I go here, yeah,
so it has rest of basis.
So there's a few endpoints in SharePoint.
So you can start continue until so when
the last chunk is detected,
it finish off the file upload in in in
SharePoint.
So it it sort of I think SharePoint sort
of finalise the file.
Yeah,
that's that's that's all file copies.
So you can run this function up locally
for example.
So if I run this function app locally
charging the the tricky part here is ask
our set up right?
Ask your environment to ask anything that
you want to run from programme files in
your machine.
It need to be whitelisted by the ask for
security guys, right?
So when you debug a function app,
so function app,
the way that function app runs locally is
there's sort of like it's executable core
function Co app core tools,
function core tools get run and your
function will get run inside it.
But this function core tools is installed
with Visual Studio and programme files
and Visual Studio does updates to this
core tools time to time the version get
updated right?
It it updating frequently.
Every week or two weeks the core tools
get a new version.
So what happens is.
So you need to call the you need to raise
service test requests every time the
function core tools get changed.
Yeah, yeah, install, don't you?
Because we should do automatically
installs it, right?
So whenever there there's a new version
and your function apps stop working.
So what type of request you raise?
Like how do you explain this problem to
them?
They are already aware of it or do you
they already aware of it.
You just raise a support ticket to
requesting the latest core version to be
function code rules version to be
whitelisted.
OK, this I'll try to find the article.
There's so so so when.
OK,
this is the other thing that I should
highlight.
When you set up,
so when you initially set up your machine.
So Dave,
if if you say you are a developer,
they will set up a developer folder.
Yep.
So every development that you do,
every apior.net code that you run,
you need to run in the developer folder.
Yep.
So any EXE that you run from developer
folder, they don't block it.
So you're free to run anything from here,
right?
So I I found, I'll,
I'll try to find that article again.
There's a hack,
but then you you need to be a
administrator of your machine.
You need you can change some registry
settings so you can tell Visual Studio
don't run it.
Don't run the core tools from Visual
Studio programme files,
run it from developer folder.
OK So what I've done is you can see I've
copied the function core tools into my
developer folder and change the registry
settings so Visual Studio will run the
EXE from the from my developer tools.
So nothing get blocked and I won't get
affected by the updates as well.
So I think that's a pretty tricky thing.
The three settings if you are changing
that need to be admin right.
So you need to be admin.
So I I,
I you do you guys have a_W account?
I do not_W No,
I don't have it yeah_W is you can get you
can be admin of the machine.
OK you can request 1.
So I request but hardly uses it.
But OK, you know when you doing.
net stuff you need_W account time to time
you need to modify things.
But that will be like a different system,
right?
Tanuka,
you have to log off your current access
and then log in back with the W account
and do it.
You can do that or you can run anything
as admin, right?
Run this admin and then you can log in
right, right, right entry.
You can Yep press control and go run as
administrator and then you can enter your
yeah account and then OK can do things
yeah so so you can run locally.
So remember so the function app,
if all the secrets are read from so
function app needs a a secret.
So all the secrets are stored in in in
keyboard.
So,
so even when you run from your local
machine,
it will try to connect to Azure keyboard,
right?
So, so when you run locally,
you need to make sure that you are
authenticated.
So in Visual Studio,
there's a section called Azure Services
Authentication,
and you can log in with your_A account,
log in to Visual Studio with your_A
account.
So Visual Studio can connect to the
keyboard.
OK.
And can you please show us the registry
setting?
Which setting needs to be modified?
Yeah, probably a screenshot.
That's what I can't remember.
I,
I thought I would not have to do this
ever again because I had a lot of wishes
because it's not normal to for this kind
of setup to, you know, get every day.
Yeah, I'll, I'll try to find it.
OK,
the vote registry need to be set because
otherwise it's annoying.
Every other week you have to call support
desk and sometimes the people change and
you have to explain it from the scratch.
That is what happened and and what they
said was to whitelist.
They have to submit your request to some
Security Council and you need to get that
approved after.
You can't pretty much do any development
then.
Yeah, but I'm a blocker.
Actually, it's a blocker.
It's a blocker.
So you need to have that work around to
get the there's.
I'll try to find it.
Oh, thanks.
Yeah.
So now I'm authenticated,
authenticated my Visual Studio as myself
to connect to Azure.
So if I run it.
So now the function app will start
locally.
So you can debug.
So what I'll do is I'll go to here,
I'll stop the this function app because
if I test it, I'd stopped already.
Yeah, cool.
And now what?
The other thing I think lately ask what
changed the proxy.
So this could be problem for you guys is
something I think they've changed the
proxy to something else.
I mean, that could be that proxy.
I think there was an email sent proxy
configuration.
I don't know why they did that.
This this is referenced in so many places.
So so if you see error with SSL or
anything proxy it's issue with proxy.
So let me change it back.
Hope is the proxy is doing it.
They should have had a redirect.
Which Visual Studio version you're using?
The 20, It's I think 2020.
Let me check.
Yeah, 2022.
OK.
Enterprise version.
Yeah.
What is it?
SAN, evidence connection.
It's a token service.
Yeah, I need to have a look.
Yeah.
I think this is this is a proxy issue.
For some reason it's can't establish a
connection because of it's blocking SSLS
handshake is blocked by proxy, I believe.
But anyway,
So what you can do is you can run the run
your function app locally for your
testing.
So you can get a copy this sample payload
in into the chat.
Yep.
So there's a tool called Storage Explorer.
I think you guys probably using it
already, right?
Yes, we are using it.
Yeah, Storage Explorer.
So you can see queues and you go to file
queue.
It should be a lot of messages in there,
so I'll maybe delete them.
This is the payload for that request,
yeah.
So you can add 1,
you can add and put the payload in there.
So these these sort of simulating the
logic app, right?
So Logic app instead of logic app
publishing.
So you you can get get it done from the
record as well.
But if you want to quickly debug,
you just publish a message here and then
function app.
If the function app is running,
you should get it should get it should
get running should this should get
triggered and you should be able to debug.
So the function of trigger point is like
queue added or something.
Yeah, queue message,
it listens for that to this queue, right.
So this queue anytime it get a new
message added,
then it will a new trigger will get
triggered.
So if we add here,
the function of local run will trigger
also.
Yeah, yeah.
But I can't run it because of the SSL
issue.
Otherwise I could have showed you it's
running.
But yeah,
so otherwise the starting point is the
file copy function.
So if you put a break point here,
so you will see the Jason is in here and
then it will start copying the file.
OK,
so this also is the source code is in is
in GitHub.
I said not GitHub Azure OPS git and this
deployment is automated.
This deployment is automated only for dev.
So, so we haven't done it after.
So when you guys deploying it like do the
logic app first.
Once the logic app is everything's done,
everything tested in dev,
then you can promote it to.
So there's,
there's integration files pipeline.
So you can see pipeline only goes up to
dev.
So you, you,
you guys need to add the rest of the
environments in there.
OK.
How about the queue names?
The queue, it's in dev, right?
That Q is in dev Yeah, yeah.
So that all the infrastructure.
So the only infrastructure chain in my
understanding.
So,
So what I've done is so this logic app,
this logic app so logic app also have a.
So this logic app,
let's see this logic app.
Logic app has identity.
If you go to settings,
has identity enabled so that this logic
app should have this identity of the
logic app should have access to the
storage account.
Storage account, Was it the six?
This one is 1, I think the last one.
Let me go there.
See,
there's a one this this one is probably
the one the storage queues.
Yeah,
file capability is the storage that has
the queue in it.
And so this queue this how this queue
link to the function of do we if we are
deploying the queue to different
environment?
Yeah, it will so be the same.
Good.
Yeah, yeah.
So.
So each environment should have its own.
Storage account yes,
like for test would have its TE storage
account.
So you need to go and add a queue.
So that's something you can do.
You will have so it's a manual creating a
queue or yeah queue is export the queue
also because it's a one time yeah and
then GUID will be different,
right There's no GUID, so it's a URL.
OK, so URL will be different.
The URL is again coming from the Where
did where does it come from?
The QURL it's starting coming from the
key keyword no?
So there probably the Logic apps linked
to the queue you're configuring there.
So, so logic app settings are different,
right?
So the function app,
the way function app reads.
Let's go back to function app, OK,
so you can see function app is already
deployed.
I'll I'll start this settings.
So if you go to settings, so you will see.
So this is so this is the QURN OK, right.
So this is the this is where it it it so
you can see the queue URL.
So so Logic app,
that's how Logic app get linked to the
queue function.
So it uses that URL plus this queue name,
right.
So if you go back to the,
if you go back to the storage, the QURL,
so you see a QURL in there.
So you can see that that's a QURL, right?
That that initial URL plus the QA is the
one that it needs to.
So it doesn't use any.
So you guys using account keys to
authenticate to BLOB storage, right?
So that's a less secure way to do it.
So the the most secure way to do it is
don't use keys because keys expire, right?
You have rotate and if you lose the key,
then your security is compromised, right.
So there's a concept called manage
service identities.
So you have,
so each Azure service has its own
identity.
So when you talk to another,
another Azure service,
you can get a access token to access the,
the destination service we see using your
identity so that that that token is short
lived.
So, so we don't use any keys.
We just so this is the resource and
that's what I was going to show you.
So if you go to the access roles,
maybe you know for assignments.
So it could be maybe queue access,
so each queue have its own access.
So you can see so that Logic app right
that Logic App have access as a queue
data contributor who can read and write.
So that means Logic app given access to
the queue.
So if you search for function app,
so function app should have a similar
role in here as well.
So,
so you have a queue in the middle one's
writing, logic app is writing,
function app is reading, right.
So both they don't use any account keys.
They use their own identities to read and
write.
OK, so,
so the queue will be assigned to the
Logic App.
I mean, the storage account,
the queue will be there.
The queue will have that URL, Yeah.
And the function app will read the queue
name and then that URL.
Yeah, executed, yeah, Logic App,
that's the same, right?
Logic App use the URL and the queue name
and use its own identity to talk.
Yeah.
So, so when you promote to test,
so you need to create this file copy
queue, yeah, right.
And then get you can't assign roles,
you don't have permissions.
You could you have permissions to create
the queue, Yes, right.
So after creating the queue,
you need to raise a support ticket with
the Azure team to assign these roles to
to the particular queue particular
identities, right?
So assign the data contributor roll to
the manage, manage system,
manage service identity of the logic app
and also assign the same role to the role
to the function function.
Yep.
So couple of things to do so.
So when we are moving the code from there
to test,
so the queue needs to be created there
and the code there is no change in the
code, right?
Because you're,
if I'm creating AQ name as file copy in
test, yeah,
I don't need to change anything in
function app.
It's just code deployment there,
that's all.
So settings are here, right?
So if you could for example, test,
so you can see there's there are no test
settings, right?
So you need to configure these settings
into the test.
These settings will be different, right?
For example BLOB URL will be different
but the proxy settings will be the same
SharePoint.
I believe this this is non prod one.
Probably we need the prod one too for
test.
No not test the production one I'm
thinking.
So test will be same.
Test, pre, prod and dev all are same.
Yeah,
we can copy the same thing I think for
SharePoint, yes,
SharePoint you're using same for all the
but for BLOB will change, right?
So BLOB will change.
So the only code change you will require
is the settings changes.
So whatever settings that you can just
copy paste into dev and not change the
SharePoint, change the BLOB then.
So when we move to the test environment,
how the system know we should it should
read from the app setting test.
It's out of the box.
It's out.
Do we need to?
OK, it's out of the box.
But this is the unique name.
We should follow it.
Is it?
Yeah.
So, so, so think of your logic.
He's agnostic of your configuration,
right?
So logic remains the same.
So you change the configuration,
you give the configuration and you need
to allow it, right?
So that's where the access part will come
in.
So once that is set up,
you don't have to change any code.
You'll just, yeah,
the copying logic is the same in each
environment.
But what if there is a new environment we
are setting up and we are using Vinuka.
So this one is like for the existing
environment, we have this, right,
It will read.
But what if there is a new environment
that we're spinning off tomorrow and we
need to add that here How we do it?
Yeah, it's, it's the same thing, right?
So in new environment,
you will have a function app, right?
So every so in in Azure team,
when they provision a new environment,
they have a set of resources that they're
gonna generate creating to that resource
group.
So that will have a function app.
So So what you need to do then is
configure your pipeline, right?
So you need to add a new environment here.
All right, So environment there.
And then maybe let me check task library.
No, this doesn't have any settings there.
So just create a new environment.
And in your pipeline,
you need to add a new environment to it
and it'll just deploy, right?
So, so the environment setting.
Oh, sorry.
So three things, right?
So create environment in here.
Yeah,
add another stage to your new environment,
right?
And change the settings in in in here
we'll be adding a new setting, right,
App setting dot something so that if it
is a new environment, yes, yeah.
So how will the function app know to go
and check in this one like this app
setting is for this environment,
it's default behaviour.
So if you look at so there's there's a
the the the where everything starts is
from the programme files, right?
Programme files.
You can see first it reads the app
settings dot Jason, yeah.
And then it in the app settings dot
environment, right?
And then it merges.
So so you can have the base settings in
your app settings, yeah,
and your environment specific settings in
your environment config bar and OK,
for for example, we have dev int, right?
So yeah,
this will going to be do I need to add
app settings to a dev in dot Jason here.
You need to add dev in Jason.
And it's because it it will it depends
how you're gonna deploy the Azure
resources, right.
So I believe Azure resources you're not
gonna share the storage account.
You probably have a separate storage
account for Devin, right?
Yeah, it's correct.
Oh, oh, I don't know,
maybe you decide to share it because you
can have different containers, right?
So it depends on how you decide to do it.
Yep.
So presently we have different storage
like like the BLOB storage or different
different Devin Dev 01 and but no like so
for for dev in dev.
So for example,
if you look at the BLOB containers,
all the dev environments share this
single storage account.
OK, this is the block container.
So different,
but the storage account is same.
Yep,
storage account is same for all the dev
environments, right?
So you could go with Devin,
could Devin already there, right.
But the problem here is then so the queue.
So you need a dev in queue.
Yeah, right.
Then you need to change the logic.
So you can't have then sort of the
generic queue name.
So then it's sort of like have to be some
sort of environment name, then file copy.
Yeah.
So that's a, that's a,
that's a code change.
The file copy queue is having a URL,
right?
Yeah.
So even they're getting the Q name can be
same, but the URL can be different, right?
No,
because you're using the same storage
account, right?
So if you go back to the 01 storage,
1 Q name and one URL can't have multiple.
So it, it, it's,
this is a storage account, right?
And then the Q&A, right?
So what we're saying is we sort of like
starting to partition, right?
So then, then you can't connect.
You shouldn't be connecting 2 function
app into a same queue.
Got it.
So presently we are using only dev 01 for
this.
Yeah, function app stuff, dev int.
We are not configured anything and no,
nothing.
Test and pre prod and prod,
they all have only one.
They all have yeah, yeah,
only the dev employment is having it.
OK, Yeah.
So you have two options, right?
One option is to change the code to yeah,
make this queue name environment
sensitive, right.
There's one option.
The second option is have a separate
storage account and have the queue
separate queue in there.
Yeah.
So dev enrollment,
we can stick stick with one instead.
Anything related to functional we can
stick with dev 01, not integration part,
something like that,
because all other environment having its
own, its only burden is dev, right,
not other environment.
So yeah, yeah, yeah, OK.
So the lastly we've got sort of we've
gone over.
So again the similar code structure.
So the code is in.
So it's in arms project and so we looked
at the identities in the identity CIM
repo and there's Pradeep has created
another separate repo for integration
services.
So this file copy code already is merged
to domain.
It should be.
I don't think there are any changes
remaining.
The are there some part changes?
Yeah.
So there are some logging improvements I
did.
I'll match that before I go.
Yep.
But the the the source code is here in
the integration services report and the
pipelines.
So same structure, right?
Sources in source code.
Allthe.
net code is in here and there's a
pipeline same as the other ones,
the API 1.
So this is the Devon.
Sorry no no,
this is the Devon environment.
So when you have test,
you need to have something similar to
this and it'll be like,
I think it can be here.
It should be like something like
something like this.
So you have another environment.
So this would be environment test and
prefix is this is the Azure prefix.
It's DE and will depends on depth so that
they'll be like that.
And then that's it.
It'll get deployed.
So you'll see the second test environment
in the in the in the pipeline.
That's pretty much it.
I think we'll go on in half an hour.
That's OK.
It's a good session, actually, Yeah.